     I have no fear of that.  I think contact with other theater can only 
enrich our own work as we see ourselves in an international context.  
Beckett, who wrote in France, is an example of that sort of enrichment.  
There is a history in Irish theater of our writers viewing Ireland from 
abroad.  I think it's a terrible thing that they felt they were forced to.  
But no one can say it's a bad thing.  Well, for instance, last summer's 
Abbey production of "Hedda Gabler" by Ibsen, a Norwegian, was hailed as a 
major reinterpretation of that work.  The Abbey's production of the play 
was viewed in international terms.  That is part of a process that can 
continue.  For the Irish to have access to theater that is not just English 
or American is important to European theater, not just in terms of showing 
how the Irish play those works, but in bringing them to Ireland.  It shows 
us ways of making theater available in other places.  I think all of that 
will affect the climate in which we work.
     Many in the United states, particularly staunch free-traders, still 
vigorously oppose efforts by the government to aid and abet U.S. business.  
Their favorite pose last week was to say Bush's trip "demeans the presi-
dency," as William Niskanen, a former Reagan administration economist, told 
one reporter.  In this view, the president, all leader of the free world, 
should devote his foreign trips to high-minded subjects like arms control, 
environmental protection and human rights.  The implication tection and 
human rights.  The implication is that issues of trade and commerce are 
secondary, if not downright grubby.
     The Long Island school's quietly eloquent founder, Henry Viscardi, 
Jr., saluted them:  "As permanently, totally disabled persons, you could 
have remained at home to be supported.  Instead, you have sought the chall-
enges of life.  You go forth with an optimism that accepts life's often un-
favorable odds-but will not stop hoping and trying.  What a lesson you re-
present for the young people of America!"
     The above findings might prove interesting to working parents who must 
find day care for their babies.  Family care in a private home, with se-
veral babies together, is probably the ideal way to care for babies under 
three.  Dr. Benjamin Spock, well-known pediatrician and author of books 
about babies, supports the idea.  He says the family day care is sounder in 
theory than hiring a housekeeper or a babysitter.  Last spring, for the 
fourth successive year, an unusual graduation took place at a unique high 
school in Albertson, N.Y. as the smiling seniors, wearing traditional cap 
and gown, lined up for their diplomas, all were in wheelchairs.
     The electronic computer is contributing to advancements in science, 
technology, business, industry, education, and government.  A computer plan 
the orbit of a satellite.  It controls the lift-off of a rocket.  The elec-
tronic computer can also write checks, run machines, make predictions, han-
dle payrolls, fight against crimes, maintain air safety, book tickets and 
keep track of reservation, and even match job-seeking men with man-seeking 
jobs.  A day seldom passes without another job being assigned to the elec-
tronic computer.  Businesses have long used machines of one type or another 
in their accounting and sales departments.  The cash register, adding ma-
chine, and simple desk or pocket calculator are all computers.  The tran-
sistorized computer can run other machines.  It is the nerve center of 
automation.  Automation has been defined as the use of a machine to run 
other machines.  In the past, we assumed that only a man could operate a 
rolling mill in a steel plant or keep things going in an oil refinery.  
Computers have now taken over such responsibilities.
     One summer afternoon, a farmer was walking through a forest.  He was 
carrying a big bag of rice home.  When he was resting under a big tree, he 
saw a lion running to him.  He was much afraid.  But the lion said, "Please 
help me.  Let me go into your bag and they won't find me.  "The farmer was 
very kind and he helped the lion.  After the hunters went away, the lion 
went out and said, "I am hungry now.  I want to eat you for my lunch.  "The 
farmer was afraid again and didn't know what to do.  He said, "don't eat 
me, Mr. Lion.  Please let me go."  The lion didn't want to let the farmer 
go.  Just then an old man came.  The farmer told the old man about the 
story.  The old man said, "Please go back into the bag, Mr. Lion.  Then I 
will know who is right."  After the lion went into the bag, the old man and 
the farmer tied up the bag.  They hit the lion and killed the lion.
     Once upon a time, there was a poor family.  They had one son.  This 
son often went out to steal things.  Every time he brought something home, 
his mother was happy.  Once he brought her some apples.  She did not ask 
him how and where he got them.  She just said, "That's very good."  Many 
years passed, the little boy grew up and became a full-time thief.  One day 
the police caught him to jail.  The court said that he must die for his 
crimes.  But before dying, he could have one last wish.  The son asked for 
his mother.  He said that he wanted to see her tongue.  The mother came and 
stuck her tongue.  Then son cut his mother's tongue until it was bleeding.  
Everyone was surprised.  They wanted to know why he had hurt his mother.
     When I was walked down the street the other day, I picked up a purse.  
There was nothing inside it except some change and an old picture of a wo-
man and a young girl about twelve years old, who looked like the woman's 
daughter.  I gave it to a policeman in the station, who took down my name 
and address in case the owner might want to write and thank me.  That 
evening I went to have dinner with my aunt and uncle, who also invited a 
young woman whose face was known to me.  I was quite sure that we had not 
met before.  She said that she had lost her purse that had not met before.  
She was the young girl in the picture although she was now much older.  
After dinner, we went to the police station.  As the policeman gave the 
purse back, he said that I had found the purse and the person who had lost 
it.
     In short, our universities and colleges are concerned only with the 
development of specialized skills and abilities, and do little to develop 
of character among students.  This is one of the crises facing education in 
this country today.  Was sincerely hope that educational officials and uni-
versity authorities will give serious thought to this problem.  An educa-
tion reform movement is under way and gathering momentum in this country.  
Most of the reforms being sought, we believe, are really superficial and 
touch only the surface of the educational problems currently in existence.  
It is essential to probe deeper and find the real issues.
     Each university and college has a student counseling center to aid 
depressed students.  Generally speaking, however, the service does not seem 
to help very much.  Some fundamental changes should be made in college 
education to make college students more emotionally stable individuals.  
Above all, the schools must stop neglecting their responsibility to teach 
values.  The program at local universities are on the whole too specialized 
and therefore fail to turn out well-rounded individuals.  The programs fail 
to help students grow emotionally and morally as well as intellectually.  
College teachers are too busy with research duties to care about students' 
moral and emotional lives.  And school officials too concerned with 
administration to heed the personal problems of students.  The recent stu-
dent suicides indicate that the cultivation of a positive outlook on life 
among students is a task much neglected.  Re-emphasizing this task is 
urgently needed to improve education here.
     All the world's a stage.  "So wrote william Shakespeare, the world's 
greatest dramatist."  Shakespeare went on to say that all of us are actors 
on this stage.  We are, indeed, actors in the great drama called history, 
which is written by the deeds of mankind.  The same is true of this most 
imoportant of all dramas-the one played by mankind.  You were born in the 
midst of the "play."  Much went on before you stepped into the present 
scene.  In order, therefore, to play your part intelligently and well, you 
must know what men have been doing up to your time.
