     Precisely what Dunkel wants to avoid is any modification of his large, 
carefully balanced package, which proposes new rules governing trade in 
services and high technology, intellectual property, dumping and the 
settlement of trade disputes.  At apress conference Friday, the director 
general warned negotiators they could not "pick and choose" from his text 
without unraveling the whole package.  But the EC seemed intent on reopen-
ing the agriculture chapter, no matter what the risks.  Early Saturday EC 
ministers repeated their earlier objections to the Dunkel paper.  They 
ordered their negotiators to bargain for "substantial amendments and 
necessary modifications" in the draft.
     In the early 1950s, party telephone lines were common in homes across 
America, and even author James Michener shared his phone line with several 
families in rural Bucks County, Pennsylvania.  One day, publisher Bennett 
Cerf of Random House called Michener to discuss a complicated book contract 
that Cerf hoped Michener would sign.  Cerf said that he needed a yes or no 
answer immediately and proceeded to explain the details.  Michener listen-
ed, and then asked several questions.  Cerf followed with additional expla-
nation and finally asked for Michener's answer.  Michener paused because he 
did not fully understand the contract yet.  But after several seconds his 
silence was interrupted by a third, unknown party, who whispered, "michen-
er, you're a fool if you don't say yes."
     Suppose you were an actor in an infinitely lesser drama, a play writ-
ten by one man or woman.  Let us suppose also that you appeared on the 
stage for the first time in the middle of the second or third ace.  In that 
case you would be well aware of the fact that to do a good job of acting, 
you would need to know what other performers who had appeared on the stage 
in earlier scenes had said and done.  In other words, you would need to 
know the story up to the time of your entrance.  The same is true of this 
most important of all dramas-the one played by mankind.  You were born in 
the midst of the "play."  Much went on before you stepped into the present 
scene.  In order, therefore, to play your part intelligently and well, you 
must know what men have been doing up to your time.
     Such theaters (in which the talented young actors and actresses who 
entertain guests after dinner also serve as waiters and waitresses) have 
become increasingly popular throughout the country.  Recently, visitors to 
Boulder from Europe attended the theater and said, "This is something we do 
not have in our country.  It simply could not be!  In our country actors 
feel above waiters, and waiters would not stop to do something like clean-
ing streets.  When we go home and tell people that the actors and dancers 
are the same people who bring your dinner to your table.
     Many observers have commented on what seems to be the fact that fear 
plays a much smaller part than we should think it must in the life of an 
animal which lives dangerously.  Terror he can know, and perhaps he knows 
it frequently.  But it seems to last only a little longer than the immedi-
ate danger it helps him to avoid, instead of lingering, as in the human 
being it does until it becomes a burden and a threat.  The frightened bird 
resumes his song as soon as danger has passed and so does the frightened 
rabbit his games.  It is almost as if they knew that "cowards die many 
times before their deaths'the brave never taste of death but once."
     I am a 17-year-old girl, and will graduate from senior high school 
next year.  It has come time for me to make a decision about entering a 
higher level school.  I am interested in foreign languages and crave for 
studying in either America or Canada.  However, my mother is against it 
because the tuition is too great an amount for my family.  I have a part-
time job at a local convenience store to help save for school expenses. 
But the tuition is just too much of a burden for my family.  I am helpless, 
for I cannot decide what to do.  If you were me, what would you do, study 
in Taiwan or America?
     In fact, if I were determined to be disapproving of the Messrs.  Cerf 
and Cartmell, one of my chief criticisms would be that they had included 
too few Irish plays in their collection.  It is my dogmatic opinion that 
Synge's Riders to the Sea is not only the finest drama in this volume, but 
is the most eloquently powerful one-act play that has ever been written.  
Lady Gergory's The Rising of the Moon is a delightful little play and I am 
glad that it has been included, but I wish that space could likewise have 
been found for the selfsame Lady Gregoty's The Gaol Gate and possibly for 
her Spareading the News; certainly for W.B. Yeats's stirring Cathleen in 
Houlihan.  I am a bit dubious about including St. John Ervine among the 
Irish playwrights, but I wish there had been room for his short work called 
The Magnanimous Lover.
     My name is Joe King and I am from Texas.  I have live in Taiwan for 
one year.  Teaching English is my job.  After one year's teaching, I would 
like to tell you something about English learning.  I know English is hard 
for you to learn, but you'll enjoy learning the language when you become 
interested in it.  However, if you really want to learn it well, you have 
to practice every day.  What I mean is that you have to spend much time on 
it and have to study hard.  Don't give up.  Try hard.  I believe you'll 
learn it.
     Bill was studying at a college.  Like most students, he didn't have 
much money.  His mother's birthday was coming soon, and he planned to buy 
her a present that should be nice, but not too expensive.  He went shoppp-
ing in a department store and bought a beautiful umbrella.  On his way back 
home, he walked by a pond and saw may children playing in the water.  Su-
ddenly, he heard a strange sound from the pond and something caught his 
eye.  A child was trying hard to get out of the water, but he could not.  
Bill thought of the umbrella and asked the child to hold it.  Finally, the 
child was out of the water.  Bill felt quite happy and thought that his um-
brella was really a good choice.
     There's no doubt that the Eastern commonwealth's road to a mutually 
satisfying and stable union will be a much rougher one than that taken by 
its West European counterpart.  But in spite of the obvious obstacles, it 
may not lag far behind.  Though they lack the strong market and mature de-
mocracy of the West, the former Soviet republics have other advantages the 
Europeans lack, such as a common language, integrated transportation, edu-
cational and energy systems and unified industrial standards.  These are 
all reasons to believe that after the members of the Eastern commonwealth 
pass the present stage of nationalist fever and economic turmoil, their 
pace of integration will speed up.
     Don't treat me cruelly, Moo Moo.  You don't understand me.  No man 
ever really understands a woman.  There are terrible depths to my nature.  
I had a long talk with Dr. Esculapius only last week, and he told me I'm 
too introspective.  It's the curse of us emotional women.  I'm really quite 
worried, but much you care, much you care.  (A note of tears comes into her 
voice) I'm sure you don't love me any more, Moo Moo.  No!  No!  Don't an-
swer me!  If you did you couldn't speak to me the way you do.  I've never 
wronged you in deed or in thought.  No, never-never.  I've given up my 
hopes and aspirations, because I knew you wanted me around you.  And now.  
NOW-(she can contain the tears no longer) Because I have neglected my 
beauty and because I am old and ugly, you regret that Ulysses of Agamemnon 
didn't marry me when you all wanted me, and I know you curse the day you 
ever saw me.  (She is breathless.)
     As the proverb says, "the voice of the people is the voice of God."  
But this proverb is by no means invariably true.  In any case, what it 
really means is, I think, that the feeling or instinct of the people is 
usually right, if it is spontaneous.  On the other hand, the opinions of 
the people at large especially when artificially stimulated by mass media 
are usually shallow and mistaken.  Here, it seems to me, is the greatest 
danger of the democratic form of government:  in that important issues are 
often decided by popular prejudice, based on insufficient knowledge and de-
ficient judgment.  Whereas the opinion of a few persons, possessed of de-
tailed knowledge and sound judgment, is surely far more reliable.  This is 
a major reason for the aristocratic form of government.